Adding Molecules
----------------

To add your own molecules to be used with the UI first you need to have a .xyz file 
defining the atomic structure of the molecule. Its recommended you copy the .xyz file
to the molecules folder. Next you need to open the settings.py file and look for either
the contacts or molecules list depending on where you want your new molecule grouped.
Add a new MoleculeInfo object info to the list defining the properties of your new
molecule and when you open the UI for the next time you should see the new molecule
listed under contacts or molecules depending on which list you added it to and ready 
to be used. 

Here's an explanation of what you need to define in the MoleculeInfo object:

    Mandatory fields
    - name "str": The name shown on the items menu.
    - size (int, int): The size of the molecule in the main view.
    - output_file "str": The name of the .xyz file of the molecule or path to the file 
        if it's in a different folder.

    Optional fields
    - color (int, int, int): The RBG value (0-255) used to paint the molecule. 
        Default = (255, 255, 255)
    - snap (int, int): Defines the grid spacing that the molecule snaps to. 
        Default = (AtomPair.XSIZE, AtomPair.YSIZE)
    - scene_translation (int, int): Defines the translation of the molecule on the 
        main view. This doesn't affect the output positioning! Only useful if you 
        don't want your molecule to be dragged from the top left corner.
        Default = (0, 0)
    - output_translation (float, float, float): Defines the translation of the 
        molecule in the output. All the atoms in the output file are translated
        by this amount in addition to the translation based on the molecule position
        in the UI before it's written on the output file. Tweak this value if the 
        output position of the molecule doesn't match the visual representation. 
        Uses output coordinates!
        Default = (0, 0, output.Z_SCALE)
    - rotating bool: Defines whether the item can be rotated or not.
        Default = (False)
    - rotation_axis: Defines the rotational axis the item will be rotated around.
        Defined in scene coordinates!
        Default = (0, 0)
    - shape "str": Defines the shape of the molecule on the main view. Possible 
        values: "Contact", "Rectangle", "Ellipse", "Rounded Rectangle". If the value
        doesn't match these values it will be painted as a rectangle. You can also 
        define your own shapes in the getShape function. 
        Default = (None)

    Useful Constants:
    - AtomPair.XSIZE, .YSIZE: Define the size of the base block of the layers in 
        scene coordinates.
    - output.X_SCALE, .Y_SCALE: Define the size of the base block of the layers in
        output coordinates.
    - output.Z_SCALE: Defines the base height of the molecules on the surface.
